{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
<head>\
    <meta charset="UTF-8">\
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">\
    <title>Delco Music Co. - Music Lessons and Instrument Repair</title>\
    <meta name="description" content="Delco Music Co. offers professional music lessons and expert instrument repair services. Serving musicians since 1990.">\
    <meta property="og:title" content="Delco Music Co. - Music Lessons and Instrument Repair">\
    <meta property="og:description" content="Delco Music Co. offers professional music lessons and expert instrument repair services. Serving musicians since 1990.">\
    <meta property="og:image" content="https://www.delcomusicco.com/path/to/image.jpg">\
    <meta property="og:url" content="https://www.delcomusicco.com">\
    <meta name="twitter:card" content="summary_large_image">\
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css">\
    <script src="scripts.js" defer></script>\
    <script type="application/ld+json">\
    \{\
      "@context": "https://schema.org",\
      "@type": "MusicStore",\
      "name": "Delco Music Co.",\
      "description": "Professional music lessons and expert instrument repair services.",\
      "address": \{\
        "@type": "PostalAddress",\
        "streetAddress": "123 Music Lane",\
        "addressLocality": "Music City",\
        "addressRegion": "PA",\
        "postalCode": "12345",\
        "addressCountry": "US"\
      \},\
      "openingHours": "Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 09:00-18:00",\
      "telephone": "+1234567890",\
      "url": "https://www.delcomusicco.com",\
      "sameAs": [\
        "https://www.facebook.com/DelcoMusicCo",\
        "https://www.instagram.com/DelcoMusicCo"\
      ]\
    \}\
    </script>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <header>\
        <nav>\
            <div class="logo">\
                <a href="#">Delco Music Co.</a>\
            </div>\
            <ul class="nav-links">\
                <li><a href="#home">Home</a></li>\
                <li><a href="#about">About Us</a></li>\
                <li><a href="#services">Our Services</a></li>\
                <li><a href="#testimonials">Testimonials</a></li>\
                <li><a href="#blog">Blog</a></li>\
                <li><a href="#contact">Contact Us</a></li>\
            </ul>\
            <div class="burger">\
                <div class="line1"></div>\
                <div class="line2"></div>\
                <div class="line3"></div>\
            </div>\
        </nav>\
    </header>\
    <main>\
        <section id="home" class="hero">\
            <h1>Delco Music Co.</h1>\
            <p>Welcome to Delco Music Co. - Your one-stop shop for music lessons and instrument repair.</p>\
        </section>\
        <section id="about">\
            <h2>About Us</h2>\
            <p>Delco Music Co. has been serving musicians since 1990, offering professional music lessons and expert instrument repair services.</p>\
        </section>\
        <section id="services">\
            <h2>Our Services</h2>\
            <div class="service">\
                <h3>Music Lessons</h3>\
                <p>We offer music lessons for various instruments, including piano, guitar, and violin.</p>\
            </div>\
            <div class="service">\
                <h3>Instrument Repair</h3>\
                <p>Our expert technicians provide top-notch repair services for all types of musical instruments.</p>\
            </div>\
            <div class="service">\
                <h3>Instrument Sales</h3>\
                <p>We also offer a wide range of instruments for sale, catering to both beginners and professionals.</p>\
            </div>\
        </section>\
        <section id="testimonials">\
            <h2>Testimonials</h2>\
            <div class="testimonial">\
                <p>"Delco Music Co. has been a fantastic resource for my musical journey. The lessons are top-notch!" - Jane D.</p>\
            </div>\
            <div class="testimonial">\
                <p>"I trust Delco Music Co. for all my instrument repairs. They do an excellent job every time." - John S.</p>\
            </div>\
        </section>\
        <section id="blog">\
            <h2>Blog</h2>\
            <article class="blog-post">\
                <h3>The Importance of Regular Instrument Maintenance</h3>\
                <p>Keeping your instrument in good condition is crucial for optimal performance. Here are some tips on regular maintenance...</p>\
                <a href="#">Read More</a>\
            </article>\
            <article class="blog-post">\
                <h3>Top 5 Beginner Instruments for Kids</h3>\
                <p>Choosing the right instrument for your child can make a huge difference in their musical journey. Here are our top picks...</p>\
                <a href="#">Read More</a>\
            </article>\
        </section>\
        <section id="contact">\
            <h2>Contact Us</h2>\
            <form>\
                <input type="text" placeholder="Your Name" required>\
                <input type="email" placeholder="Your Email" required>\
                <textarea placeholder="Your Message" required></textarea>\
                <button type="submit">Send</button>\
            </form>\
        </section>\
    </main>\
    <footer>\
        <p>&copy; 2024 Delco Music Co. All rights reserved.</p>\
        <div class="social-links">\
            <a href="https://www.facebook.com/DelcoMusicCo">Facebook</a>\
            <a href="https://www.instagram.com/DelcoMusicCo">Instagram</a>\
        </div>\
    </footer>\
</body>\
</html>\
}